Upgrade from deprecated aws-sdk-go to aws-sdk-go-v2 (#529)
peter-evans/kdef: docs/docs/configuration.md

--8<-- "docs/examples/config/sasl_aws_msk_iam/config.yml"
```

> When executing kdef, the AWS SDK must be instructed as to where credentials can be sourced. See [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-go/v2/api/config/) for further documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When executing kdef, the AWS SDK must be instructed as to where credentials can be sourced. See [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-go/v2/developer-guide/configure-gosdk.html/) for further documentation.
```
